README.md, before:


## MICROINTEL
[![microintel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microintel/endgram/main/photo/microintel%20marvel.jpg)](https://microintel.github.io/microintel/v1/micropro.html)


## About MicroIntel

**Microintel** is a multinational computer software company headquartered in **Pandora** and founded in 2023 by the Microintel team.

The term "**microintel**" is a combination of "**micro**" and "**intel**," which refers to intelligence. In this sense, "microintel" could be used to describe a small amount of intelligence or knowledge.

It develops software for **web development** and more. Some of its most popular products include **Vision**, **Result Portal**, **Multiverse**, **Microdisk**, and more.

Microintel's products are used by people around the world, from **creative professionals** to **students** to **everyday users**. The company's software has been used to create some of the most iconic documents in history, including the **Dtech CMNR Result-Portal**, **Vision**, and more.


Google it [microintel](https://microintel.github.io/microintel).

Commit message:

Update README with new product and team members
Added new product 'BlackRoad' and included team members in the assets section.

README.md, after:


## MICROINTEL
[![microintel](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microintel/endgram/main/photo/microintel%20marvel.jpg)](https://microintel.github.io/microintel/v1/micropro.html)


## About MicroIntel

**Microintel** is a multinational computer software company headquartered in **Pandora** and founded in 2023 by the Microintel team.

The term "**microintel**" is a combination of "**micro**" and "**intel**," which refers to intelligence. In this sense, "microintel" could be used to describe a small amount of intelligence or knowledge.

It develops software for **web development** and more. Some of its most popular products include **Vision**, **Result Portal**, **Multiverse**, **BlackRoad** ,**Microdisk**, and more.

Microintel's products are used by people around the world, from **creative professionals** to **students** to **everyday users**. The company's software has been used to create some of the most iconic documents in history, including the **Dtech CMNR Result-Portal**, **Vision**, **BlackRoad** and more.

## Assets Of MicroIntel

- **Ms. Darling**, CEO of Microintel
- **Mr. Nikil**, BM-Founder-Coder-Shareholder of Microintel
- **Mr. Vignesh**, Founder-Coder-Shareholder of Microintel
- **Mr. Raghavendra**, QA Manager & Distributor of Microintel
- **Mr. Vinay**, QA Tester & Distributor of Microintel
- **Mr. Amith**, Ideator, Designer of Microintel
- **Mr. Dhanush**, Tester of Microintel
- **Mr. Pranav**, Primary Investor & Designer of Microintel


Google it [microintel](https://microintel.github.io/microintel).
